The Milky Way is the galaxy that includes our Solar System, with the name describing the galaxy's appearance from Earth: 
a hazy band of light seen in the night sky formed from stars that cannot be individually distinguished by the naked eye.

The Andromeda Galaxy, also known as Messier 31, M31, or NGC 224 and originally the Andromeda Nebula, 
is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 2.5 million light-years (770 kiloparsecs) from Earth and the nearest major galaxy to the Milky Way.

The Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) is a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way. At a distance of around 50 kiloparsecs (≈160,000 light-years), 
the LMC is the second or third closest galaxy to the Milky Way

The Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC), or Nubecula Minor, is a dwarf galaxy near the Milky Way. 
Classified as a dwarf irregular galaxy, the SMC has a diameter of about 7,000 light-years, contains several hundred million stars, 
and has a total mass of approximately 7 billion solar masses.
The SMC contains a central bar structure, and astronomers speculate that it was once a barred spiral galaxy that was disrupted by the Milky Way to become somewhat irregular. At a distance of about 200,000 light-years, the SMC is among the nearest intergalactic neighbors of the Milky Way and is one of the most distant objects visible to the naked eye. 

The Triangulum Galaxy is a spiral galaxy 2.73 million light-years (ly) from Earth in the constellation Triangulum. It is catalogued as Messier 33 or NGC 598. 
The Triangulum Galaxy is the third-largest member of the Local Group of galaxies, behind the Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way. 
It is one of the most distant permanent objects that can be viewed with the naked eye.

Twinkle, twinkle, little star
How I wonder what you are
Up above the world so high
Like a diamond in the sky
Twinkle, twinkle, little star
How I wonder what you are

The man in the moon 
Looked out of the moon, 
Looked out of the moon and said, 
It’s time, I think, for all good children 
To think about going to bed.

Hey diddle diddle, 
The cat and the fiddle, 
The cow jumped over the moon. 
The little dog laughed 
To see such sport, 
And the dish ran away 
With the spoon.
